viii PREFACE.

Ι need not say that Ι shall be grateful for criticisms
which will help me to amend faults of selection and
arrangement. For many of these the excuse lies in
the fact that I have been able to devote to the work
only such time as could be spared from official duties

G. F. HILL.

Batnon Musauu,
May, 1897.

NOTE TO THE SECOND ISSUE

Τιιιι reissue of this volume gives the opportunity of
adding in an Appendix (pp. 423 ff.) certain information,
partly new, partly old but omitted-sole mee socordia—
from the original publication. No revision hasbeen
possible, since the sheets have not been reprinted. A
complete list of errata would have run to an unwieldy
length; and, indeed, some parts of the book, especially
Chapter V, can only be satisfactorily corrected by being
completely rewritten. Ι have therefore perforce con·
tented myself with the following modificatione: an
Appendix is given, containing (1) additional material,
new or old; (2) the old list of errata3 (3) a few ’
additional errata; (4) the old addenda (iii 303 a, b).
The old list of archons has been replaced by a new
one, bringing them down to EukleideS, and differing
little from the corresponding portion of the list in

the second edition of Hicks’s Greek Historiae! Inscriptiona
This is, therefore, in no sense a new edition; and this

 

